that's why I play Lydia Mercer an NYPD
police officer and negotiator okay we
this is New York City and we shot 200
feet above Madison Avenue that's the
Roosevelt Hotel that's the real place
where we shot it today is the day we
stopped MTA buses New York City was
really not happy about what we were
doing and then this is sam worthington
who's real manly and sexy that's him
opening his legs yep and that's the real
edge that's that's what it looked like
and those are real cars we didn't always
stop traffic it was pretty wild um I
don't know what I would do if I saw a
guy out on the ledge I would probably
stop and watch for a while I don't know
that I would hope that he jumped but a
lot of people in this movie that's me
I'm a lot of people in this movie we're
hoping that he jumped just to get it
over with I guess I'm also to have
something exciting happen that's the bad
guy at harrahs plays a bad guy in this
movie so there we are I am Lydia Mercer
the NYPD negotiator tasked with figuring
out why this guy is out on the ledge and
bringing him in off the ledge and of
course turns out that the situation I
think I've walked into done Santa is not
the real situation at hand this movies
really fun because you think you're
watching one thing for a while but it
turns out you're watching something
totally different and then not only that
you're actually watching something even
different from that that's what's crazy
that's me making googly eyes at Sam
Worthington is a real easy thing to do
and Ed Harris is really handsome can we
talk about how ed Harris has just aged
like a great bottle of wine and to just
a super just a swanky looking older man
that I would still like to tap look at
those piercing blue eyes and then
there's a little eye candy in here for
the for the guys to and Genesis
Rodriguez very fetching young actress
this one it's really look at all this
action it's just revving up here that's
me yelling I'm making a really serious
action movie face so what's going to
happen you know you just don't know is
he gonna give them off the ledge is he
going to go over is the helicopter going
to blow them off oh is that girl gonna
ever put clothes
con we don't know what's happening here
man on a ledge see it
you